website/docs: add architecture and persistence (#6250)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/installation/docker-compose.md

## Startup

:::warning
The server assumes to have local timezone as UTC.

> All internals are handled in UTC; whenever a time is displayed to the user in UI it gets localized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All internals are handled in UTC; whenever a time is displayed to the user in UI, the time shown is localized.
```
